Update configure-alerts.md (#4138)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/api-analytics/configure-alerts.md

# Working with Alerts

> Analytics portal allow configuring Alerts. These alerts allow you to proactively monitor your API ecosystem and take corrective measures for any abnormalities you find.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Analytics Portal allows you to configure alerts. These alerts allow you to proactively monitor your API ecosystem and take corrective measures for any abnormalities you find.
```
